[sysrst_ctrl,doc] Fix documentation of the flash_wp_l pin (#24485)
lowRISC/opentitan: hw/ip/sysrst_ctrl/doc/theory_of_operation.md

## Flash Write Protect Output

Upon reset, the `flash_wp_l_o` signal will be asserted active low.
The `flash_wp_l_o` signal does have a corresponding input signal `flash_wp_l_i` - but that one is mainly intended for pad observability and does not have a bypass path to `flash_wp_l_o`.

> Hence, the value of `flash_wp_l_o` defaults to logic 0 when it is not explicitly driven via the override function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, the value of `flash_wp_l_o` defaults to 0V when it is not explicitly driven via the override function.
```

I think the phrase `logic 0` for a active low signal is a little ambious. Can we use `0V` or something else like that?

Reviewer 2: No, physical values would not be correct, since the voltage is an implementation-dependent signaling property. That does not belong in block-level documentation. I would probably go with "asserted low".

Really, though, the CSR documentation is unclear because it describes flash_wp_l controls as overrides, and that's nonsensical. It's just a GPIO that is assumed to be connected to an open-drain pad.

Reviewer: I think "asserted low" is a great phrase to use that is clear.

Author: I have replaced `logic 0` with `asserted low`.

Reviewer 2: For reference of the corresponding RTL, the "non-override" value is the constant here:

https://github.com/lowRISC/opentitan/blob/908eefb9a5888c55c9baac8a6a2780746c3afe4d/hw/ip/sysrst_ctrl/rtl/sysrst_ctrl_pin.sv#L99

> The software can release `flash_wp_l_o` explicitly by setting setting an override to 1, that is setting [`PIN_ALLOWED_CTL.FLASH_WP_L_1`](registers.md#pin_allowed_ctl) to 1, [`PIN_OUT_CTL.FLASH_WP_L`](registers.md#pin_out_ctl) to 1 and [`PIN_OUT_VALUE.FLASH_WP_L`](registers.md#pin_out_value) to 1.

Reviewer 2: typo / duplicate: `by setting setting`

Author: done
